0-1 vs teach. Won die roll took first..
  Opened 1c bonney, capone blocker, tashigi, carrot, secret bonney. I keep this right? Only thing more to look for is hody. This hand seems good cause its all playable cards and no shitty bricks.
  This is as good as a game could have gone. He had no 2 don play and played jesus on 4 don (missed shiryu). He never played stage this game. I setup carrot on 7 don with tashigi to guarantee that carrot can stun the 7c teach. I had weak follow up though and couldn't further stun the teach. I never found hody this game. In hindsight I did have a turn where I played kid and didn't play anything off its affect cause I had a full board. I could have replaced my 2c apoo with a rosi and have two blockers. He was able to pop the single blocker with 7c teach and swing 15 into kid with the 10c. I think my play was stronger against second 10c tho.

1-0 UY Nami. Lost die roll he took first(he should take second I think?)
  Steam roll to be honest. He zeus'ed my first tashigi, then I had cav into mihawk into another tashigi.

1-0 No show.

1-0 Rayleigh. Won die roll went second.
  Had pretty good curve and two mihawk. My cam disconnnected for 3-5 seconds (need to figure out this screen timeout issue), judge gave me warning. Opponent was salty. Hopefully fixed my powersettings after this game.

0-1 Lucci. Lost die roll he took second.
  Had cav/hody, but no tashigi. He had kuzan -> brook -> jack -> 10c kuzan. Not a single unit stuck.
  Should I play blocker on 3 don if I have nothing else? He can kill for free with leader effect + brook, but at least this denies kuzan/laboon. Still doesn't feel great because even if I cav the next turn, he can clear with hina/laboon.

1-0 Rayleigh. won die roll went second.
  Urouge -> cav+tashigi -> mihawk + carrot -> doffy -> kill, he couldn't do shit. He seemed to make a couple misplays in swings, probably tilt.

1-0 UP Luffy. lost die roll he took first.
  He spent too much counter protecting 4k zorojuro. He had zorojuro -> god thread -> mihawk. Then I kid and he red roc'ed the kid. Then he swung 9k at face (should have swung 9 at my rested 8c mihawk), which let me shanks the 9c mihawk and get ahead. He had sanji -> 9c luffy, but I was able to hide behind another kid and start smacking face. He didn't have second red roc and my kid lived, while I b2b hody'ed him.

0-1 Bonney. lost die roll he took first.
  Super unwinnable game. He had cav -> hody -> mihawk. I didn't have searcher/urouge/cav on curve and dropped hawkins on 6 don. He didn't respect hody all game and had two turns where I could have lethaled with hody. I saw 20 cards and didn't see a single hody (12% chance).
  I had a turn where he swung 6 at me and I blocked with mihawk, but maybe I should have countered to play around 10c doffy. But I didn't think he wanted to drop doffy cause then hody would have killed him. Once he saw I didn't have hody, he didn't respect hody again the next turn.

1-0 Rayleigh. Won die roll took second.
  bonney(no search) -> Urouge -> cav + double bonney search -> mihawk...he can't do anything.

---

Finished 6-3 104th (top 128) with one no show. Tiebreaks are ass after losing round one. Saw three rayleighs, and one of Teach, UY Nami, Lucci, UP Luffy, and Bonney.

The most surprising thing is the lack of shanks or zoro. Seeing three rayleigh is surprising, but I'm down. Its unlucky facing probably one of the few lucci players, and seeing teach round 1.

Usually when I X-3, I feel like I misplayed and could have won one or two of the losses. This time it doesn't feel that winnable. Lucci is impossible, and I suck at drawing hody against teach and bonney.

Bonney games are going MUCH faster than before. A lot of my games were finishing in 15-20 minutes. I only had one game go into overtime because the last rayleigh was taking forever. I think this cause
  1. I'm playing faster after getting more experienced at the game
  2. Bonney can finish games faster with new proactive cards in 8c mihawk and 5c bonney
  3. Less grindy MUs. Less UP Luffy, and they don't have 9mom, and I didn't see any yellow.
